README.md, before:

# Food Spotlight

Food Spotlight is a Flutter project that allows users to analyze food items using image recognition. This application is designed specifically for Android devices.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

* You have installed the latest version of [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install)
* You have a Windows machine. The project can also be run on MacOS or Linux, but the instructions here are for Windows.
* You have read the [Flutter installation guide](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install).
* You have a basic understanding of Flutter and Dart.

## Installing Food Spotlight

To install Food Spotlight, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/ShahnawazDev/food_spotlight.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory
    ```bash
    cd food_spotlight
    ```
3. Get the dependencies
    ```bash
    flutter pub get
    ```

## Running Food Spotlight

To run Food Spotlight, follow these steps:

1. Build the project with your `SAMBOVANA_AI_KEY`:
    ```bash
    flutter run --dart-define=SAMBOVANA_AI_KEY=Your_Api_Key_Here
    ```
    Replace `Your_Api_Key_Here` with your actual `SAMBOVANA_AI_KEY`.

## Contributing to Food Spotlight

To contribute to Food Spotlight, follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b <branch_name>`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m '<commit_message>'`
4. Push to the original branch: `git push origin <project_name>/<location>`
5. Create the pull request.

## Contact

If you want to contact me you can reach me at `shahnawazdev@outlook.com`.

Commit message:

upgraded gradle to fix build errors

README.md, after:

# Food Spotlight

Food Spotlight is a Flutter project that allows users to analyze food items using image recognition. This application is designed specifically for Android devices.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

* You have installed the latest version of [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install)
* You have a Windows machine. The project can also be run on MacOS or Linux, but the instructions here are for Windows.
* You have read the [Flutter installation guide](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install).
* You have a basic understanding of Flutter and Dart.

## Tech Stack

This project uses Flutter with an AI service powered by an Azure Function.

## Installing Food Spotlight

To install Food Spotlight, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/ShahnawazDev/food_spotlight.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory
    ```bash
    cd food_spotlight
    ```
3. Get the dependencies
    ```bash
    flutter pub get
    ```

## Running Food Spotlight

To run Food Spotlight, simply use:
```bash
flutter run
```

## Contributing to Food Spotlight

To contribute to Food Spotlight, follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch: `git checkout -b <branch_name>`.
3. Make your changes and commit them: `git commit -m '<commit_message>'`
4. Push to the original branch: `git push origin <project_name>/<location>`
5. Create the pull request.

## Contact

If you want to contact me you can reach me at `shahnawazdev@outlook.com`.
